hi I'm Caroline mili artiss
and I'm going to show you how to make
your very own laksa
to start with we need to make a spice
paste so we're doing this one from
scratch now I'm gonna pop into my
blender eight slots four cloves of
garlic handful of macadamia nuts now I'm
using macadamia nuts because I can't get
hold of any candle nuts here but in
Malaysia they would use handle nuts and
macadamia nuts are the closest thing to
it two stalks of lemongrass with the
outer shell taken off now and I've got a
piece of galangal which I've taken the
skin off that's going in
I've got about eight big red chillies so
we need a lot of chilli in this but it's
gonna go a long way two teaspoons of
ground black pepper two teaspoons of
ground coriander one teaspoon of
turmeric one and a half teaspoons of
shrimp paste now lets blend this up till
it's a really fine paste in a large pan
I'm gonna cook this spice paste in a bit
of oil and we need this to cook for
about ten minutes until it's turned a
nice rich and darker deeper color and
that's gonna allow all there all the
flavours to infuse well together so give
it a stir every now and then just to
make sure it doesn't stick to the bottom
right now I can see the oils coming
through the colors nice and darker it
smells amazing I'm gonna add some brown
sugar and salt
and now I'm gonna pour in that a liter
of water again we're gonna leave this
now to simmer for about another 15
minutes if it boils down too much then
you might want to add a bit more water
just so that you've got plenty of super
to eat I'm gonna add my coconut milk in
now I'm also give that a stir around now
now the time I'm gonna take the
seasoning that needs a bit more salt
definitely salt I'm gonna add a little
touch more sugar so just adjust those to
your liking and a pinch of white pepper
that will be all the seasoning you want
it to be a bit peppery now I'm going to
strain this because it's got a lot of
the mixture left in the sauce some
people like to keep it in that's fine
some people like to strain it out so do
whatever whatever you fancy so I've got
a large bowl here and a sieve I'm just
gonna pour it all through the sieve so
it catches all those little bits now I'm
gonna pour the soup back into the pan
let's bring that back up to the boil and
I'm gonna add in my prawns they need to
take a couple of minutes to cook so you
put your pawns in right at the very end
when you're ready
to serve while you're waiting for your
spice paste to cook just get together
all the other ingredients you need now
I've got some white rice noodles the
very thin ones often called vermicelli
so I've soaked those in some boiling
water I have some cooked chicken breasts
I just simply put mine on a tray in the
oven with a little bit of oil and let
that cook once it cooled I've just
shredded it so that's going in I've made
a plain basic omelet and finely sliced
it I have a handful of bean sprouts and
some finely chopped coriander and I have
some finely chopped coriander and you
can keep the stalks on because they
taste good so those are the main
ingredients for your laksa and the
prawns are now cooked so we've assembled
all those bits into a large bowl all you
have to do now is pour the soup on top
of all the ingredients get a good few
prawns in there
serve your bowl of laksa with a wedge of
lime